Mom, I'm dizzy.
Dizziness, are you having low blood sugar?
Come and eat a white rabbit toffee
Come on, son, take it with you.
Mom, what is this?
This is your dad's heirloom jade pendant.
After you take him with you?
Our family can make a lot of money.
After that?
Our family is the richest man in Daxia
Thrive from generation to generation
Is the lady boss ready to eat?
Oh good
Son, go play first
Can you hurry up, come, come, come, hey, this
Come on, let's eat, let's eat, this is good
Uh-huh.
Son son
husband
My child was taken by human traffickers
Quick alarm quick alarm
The license plate number is
356356 son
Don't worry.
I saw the car. I just got the investment
Our day is coming
I will definitely save my son
Stop and die
Get out of here! Stop!
Ah!
Brother, this person won't die, will he?
Hurry up and return my child Su Hello
Hello Su
Ah, I'll give it all to you. I'll return the child to him.
Husband husband
Ah son son son
Son son son
It's a girl.
He's not my son. He's not. He's not